Adding continued_pretraining task (#131)
huggingface/alignment-handbook: README.md

# The Alignment Handbook

> Robust recipes to continue pretraining and to align language models with human and AI preferences.

Reviewer: Cool!

This project is simple by design and mostly consists of:

> * [`scripts`](./scripts/) to train and evaluate models. Three steps are included: continued pretraining, supervised-finetuning (sft) for chat, and reinforcement leanring with DPO. Each script supports distributed training of the full model weights with DeepSpeed ZeRO-3, or LoRA/QLoRA for parameter-efficient fine-tuning.

Reviewer: nit: DPO is technically an RL-free algorithm :)

```suggestion
* [`scripts`](./scripts/) to train and evaluate models. Three steps are included: continued pretraining, supervised-finetuning (SFT) for chat, and preference alignment with DPO. Each script supports distributed training of the full model weights with DeepSpeed ZeRO-3, or LoRA/QLoRA for parameter-efficient fine-tuning.
```

> * [`recipes`](./recipes/) to reproduce models like Zephyr 7B. Each recipe takes the form of a YAML file which contains all the parameters associated with a single training run. A `gpt2-nl` recipe is also given to illustrate how this handbook can be used for language or domain adaptation, e.g. by continuing to pretrain on a different language, and then sft and dpo tuning the result. 

Reviewer: turbo nit:
```suggestion
* [`recipes`](./recipes/) to reproduce models like Zephyr 7B. Each recipe takes the form of a YAML file which contains all the parameters associated with a single training run. A `gpt2-nl` recipe is also given to illustrate how this handbook can be used for language or domain adaptation, e.g. by continuing to pretrain on a different language, and then SFT and DPO tuning the result. 
```
